Mr. Sun, this young master is a young general
External corpse left
Wanli across the river
Title Shenwei
This is my son, Sun Ming.
So he is
The 10-year-old young master of the Chu family
Oh, my God.
Great Xia Shenwei Hou
Hahaha, I'm also Zhuo Genius
I have been away from home for many years
Jiangcheng
Someone dared to take their life from my Sun family
Is there no one in the Sun family who deceives me?
Come on
Chen Weihou, wait a minute.
He will enter our country
What are you?
Didn't interrupt me
Boy dare not
But on the route is Lord Li's distinguished guest
The villain will call him like Spencer
He dares to meddle in my business
Go again
Come on, give you a chance.
Kneel down and kowtow
Who are you?
Give me a chance.
I learn from elephants
The zodiac sign comes from the mental illness involved in the repression
And I will one day be defeated in this world
Why not tell you
Therefore, it is also worthy to imagine the world of God
Borrower of the Gods
That's where your sense of superiority comes from.
Bastard dare to be presumptuous
Young Master Sun
Don't ask me
The old woman never considered it
Leaving home will only socialize with the Sun family
Far you are crazy
He is the Prince of Great Xia
Even the chairperson of Hengyuan Group
Just an ordinary person
Don't worry, he's in front of me.
not allowed
You are really crazy
Your dowry
And what about Hengyu Group?
Just to make you think you can fight me
I'll crush your dreams today
Squeeze you to death